hey guys we are hey violet and we are
going to show you around a virtual tour
when I say come into the studio I'm Nia
I am a drummer and this is my crib no
this is my kid basically I have my SPD
over here here's a new member of my
family
it is a mic I'm gonna be getting a new
kit soon it's gonna be a DW which I'm
super excited about and then I'm gonna
show all you guys look at that face it's
amazing you don't work you want to show
them you're here hi I'm Casey and I play
guitar okay so this guitar has back
problems it's actually going in for
spinal surgery next week if you'd like
to make a donation text 1-800 over here
this is the bog all right this one is
it's just a black American strat is the
one I made that's all for now tune in
next neighs hi I'm Miranda and this is
my baby
this is a Schecter ultra three and it's
red and beautiful and also beautiful
this is the nordley day one which I fell
in love with it has all these knobs this
is so much fun like I I used to just sit
there with my headphones in the keyboard
and mess around with sounds forever
there's usually a second keyboard here
that's my station cool okay hi my name
is Rina and I'm gonna show you some of
my stuff I play bass this is my pedal
board so I've got a phaser right here
compressor filter twin that makes it go
wow this is my main base and it's got
these red strings there dr strings i
really like this space right here
it's a Schecter and I really like it the
cream color anyways we just want to say
thanks for hanging with us we have so
many exciting new songs and so much news
that we're super mad okay bye
following everyone leaves me happy
that's a good night anyway we love you
guys so much thanks for sticking with us
you guys awesome